UI: Add options to hide sidebar and toolbar per story (#29516)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/configure/user-interface/features-and-behavior.mdx

The following options are configurable under the `toolbar` namespace:

| Name     | Type   | Description                                                          | Example Value        |
| ---------| ------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- |
| **[id]** | String | Toggle visibility for a specific toolbar item (e.g. `title`, `zoom`) | `{ hidden: false }`  |

## TODO layout customisation doc

TODO:
1. Document both functions with use cases

> 2. Add caveat about bricking the user experience by hiding sidebar everywhere

Reviewer: @Sidnioulz, could you ping me when you finish adding the documentation so that I can review it properly and help you get this in? 

Let me know and we'll go from there.

Author: @jonniebigodes thanks, I had totally forgotten about this bit. I've updated it to integrate the new config options in your existing docs, and added a `Sidebar UI` section with both the showSidebar options/API and the keyboard shortcut doc which was missing.

I've placed a warning about not using `showSidebar` without an alternative means of nav everywhere where it's mentioned.

| **showToolbar** | Function | Toggle visibility for the toolbar | `({ viewMode }, defaultValue) => viewMode === 'docs' ? false : defaultValue` |

> <Callout variant="warning">
>   The `showSidebar` and `showToolbar` functions let you hide parts of the UI that are essential to the functionality of Storybook. They can make navigation impossible for your users if used incorrectly. When hiding the sidebar, make sure the page being displayed provides an alternative means of navigation.
> </Callout>

Reviewer: @Sidnioulz if you're ok with it, can you adjust this to the following? Also, as I've already mentioned, I would like to discuss a bit more about the options in the tables
```suggestion
<Callout variant="warning">
  The `showSidebar` and `showToolbar` functions let you hide parts of the UI that are essential to Storybook's functionality. If misused, they can make navigation impossible. When hiding the sidebar, ensure the displayed page provides an alternative means of navigation.
</Callout>

## Customize the UI

Storybook's UI is highly customizable. Its API and configuration options, available via the `showSidebar` and `showToolbar` functions, allow you to control how the sidebar and toolbar elements are displayed. Both functions will enable you to include some default behavior and can be overridden to customize the UI to your needs.

### Overriding the sidebar

If you need to configure the sidebar's default behavior, you can use the `showSidebar` function. This function enables you to configure its visibility and other properties to customize the sidebar's behavior. Below are the available options and an overview of how to use them.

| Name                     | Type     | Description                                                    | Example Value                         |
| ------------------------ | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| **path**                 | String   | Path to the page being displayed                               | `'/story/components-button--default'` |
| **viewMode**             | String   | Whether the current page is a story or docs                    | `'docs'` or `'story'`                 |
| **singleStory**          | Boolean  | Whether the current page is the only story for a component     | `true` or `false`                     |
| **storyId**              | String   | The id of the current story or docs page                       | `'blocks-blocks-unstyled--docs'`      |
| **layout**               | Object   | The current layout state                                       | *see below*                           |
| **layout.isFullscreen**  | Boolean  | Whether the preview canvas is in fullscreen mode               | `true` or `false`                     |
| **layout.panelPosition** | String   | Whether the panel is shown below or on the side of the preview | `'bottom'` or `'right'`               |
| **layout.showNav**       | Boolean  | The setting for whether the end user wants to see the sidebar  | `true` or `false`                     |
| **layout.showPanel**     | Boolean  | The setting for whether the end user wants to see the panel    | `true` or `false`                     |
| **layout.showSidebar**   | Boolean  | The setting for whether the end user wants to see the sidebar  | `true` or `false`                     |

{/* prettier-ignore-start */}

<CodeSnippets path="storybook-manager-sidebar-hide-on-landing.md"  />

{/* prettier-ignore-end */}

<Callout variant="warning">

  If you're using the `showSidebar` function to hide the sidebar, ensure the displayed page provides an alternative means of navigation.

</Callout>

### Configure the toolbar

By default, Storybook displays a toolbar at the top of the UI, allowing you to access menus from addons (e.g., [viewport](../../essentials/viewport.mdx), [background](../../essentials/backgrounds.mdx)), or custom defined [menus](../../essentials/toolbars-and-globals.mdx#global-types-and-the-toolbar-annotation). However, if you want to customize the toolbar's behavior, you can use the `showToolbar` function. Listed below are the available options and an overview of how to use them.

| Name                     | Type     | Description                                                    | Example Value                         |
| ------------------------ | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| **path**                 | String   | Path to the page being displayed                               | `'/story/components-button--default'` |
| **viewMode**             | String   | Whether the current page is a story or docs                    | `'docs'` or `'story'`                 |
| **singleStory**          | Boolean  | Whether the current page is the only story for a component     | `true` or `false`                     |
| **storyId**              | String   | The id of the current story or docs page                       | `'blocks-blocks-unstyled--docs'`      |
| **layout**               | Object   | The current layout state                                       | *see below*                           |
| **layout.isFullscreen**  | Boolean  | Whether the preview canvas is in fullscreen mode               | `true` or `false`                     |
| **layout.panelPosition** | String   | Whether the panel is shown below or on the side of the preview | `'bottom'` or `'right'`               |
| **layout.showNav**       | Boolean  | The setting for whether the end user wants to see the sidebar  | `true` or `false`                     |
| **layout.showPanel**     | Boolean  | The setting for whether the end user wants to see the panel    | `true` or `false`                     |
| **layout.showToolbar**   | Boolean  | The setting for whether the end user wants to see the toolbar  | `true` or `false`                     |

{/* prettier-ignore-start */}

<CodeSnippets path="storybook-manager-toolbar-hide-on-docs.md"  />

{/* prettier-ignore-end */}
```

Author: One specific aspect I liked about the doc I added was that it mentioned keyboard shortcuts for hiding the sidebar and toolbar. Could we iterate together on `layout.show{Nav,Panel,Sidebar}` to mention these values are affected by a user shortcut?

If we could possibly find a good place to mention these in contrast with layoutCustomisations, it would help users understand why layoutCustomisations aren't redundant with the existing settings, and when to modify which.
